hey guys this is pretty much a tutorial
on teaching and toning your hair get
their hair white and I kind of wanted to
see if it was not true but I'm if you
know the process was really that simple
as I said and to see if we can I should
even get your hair or wider gray you
know most people who doubled your people
I know who try to do is people who have
naturally type really dark black hair
pretty much people who try to do this
most of them usually you know they try
and they see how the process and it
takes too long and you know they quit
before they even finish but great white
kind of you know pairs right and right
now it's almost finished just ethical
but like you know really really pale
yellow brassy tones so it just you know
just a little bit but the majority of it
is gray silver and sore the rest of my
hair so pretty much where I used L'Oreal
blue my a developer I four times just
because my hair is really dark and it's
um you know like hair is a little
difficult to bleach especially with you
know box dyed black hair yeah so for
bleaching I did about once a week so
between the times I didn't do anything
my hair you know I did conditioned it so
I'd only recommend doing about once a
week if you condition your hair just
because you wash it too much is gonna
you know try it out more and it's gonna
up your hair anymore
so pretty much on after
I after the for the first beaching it
came out yellowish ganache orange you
know roots again you know bleach fashion
and the rest of your head so yeah it was
about light orange kind of you know the
bottom was like dark orange in the
middle was like the top was like really
come on I thought of the first pitching
second bleaching I was pretty much to
get the bottom orange out I wanted to
kind of match the top in the head so
technically I kind of left the top of my
head around just threw my roots or you
know almost white even you know an
untold white but they're white so and
their preaching was an overall the
changes to get the rest of the yellow
out after a little bit too dark you know
yellow so I did it a fourth time just
because I felt like a my hair what kind
of withstand it think about this is that
your hair will get damaged there is a
guarantee that it will get some sort of
damage maybe cuz well my hair is really
dark so I needed to meet you four times
but yeah it's just crazy how much damage
for me it was really how much damage I
got my hair's pretty much literally like
gum you know you put and I'll come in
the shower and you put it it's kind of
snap off that's how damaged it was
really up so what I did you know
don't panic you know people I did this a
long time ago we're not talking my hair
way but I branched it because I didn't
you know I was like 15 I didn't know
dude your hair you know so I believe
like three days in a row and my hair was
pretty much like falling out you know if
this happens you know don't panic it's
just you know blow dryer hair with cold
with cold air not hotter because you're
gonna up with him worrying for him
to pretty much fall off when you brought
right if this tends to happen to you
yeah don't get scared just call me blow
dry and once it's dry you'll seeing how
much damage you go to hair because
pretty much just when your hair is wet
that it looks like that and it looks
like it's like
machine so then when super order you see
how much how much damages you know the
two made to her yeah pretty much after
that
I placed it I lifted about a loan for a
week the condition at once and then tone
it the Taurus was called a there was a
teen wait lady
so actually I really really like this
one it's from what I see you know it got
the majority my hair sober you know why
- gray have a couple you know yellow
tones to it is because I don't have
about five minutes
only because you know most people that I
see on YouTube you're telling me that if
I leave it in too long isn't purple and
you know and the questions are going to
be wired in the rest of whatever
whatever here is you know so five
minutes it got it to this far so what
I'm gonna be which is spot Tony I'm just
gonna put it where it really needs and
these little pieces right here you know
actually it doesn't really look that bad
it's all I have brown highlights so you
know go ahead
so pretty much yeah the toner I used
it's my hair was kind of like yellowish
white even slightly orange and I really
really tiny pieces of like peach orange
like around here honey where the yellow
that it is no piece of orange before
made of people are saying you can't Tony
went orange or have used different toner
I kind of went out on the lemon kind of
was like you know it but see if it
works and honestly this was orange
before in and maybe yellow so yeah it in
a worked but only if your hair is like
kind of pale orange I really peach
orange if your hair is very dark orange
I'm gonna need another corner it's
called t14 it's called a silver lady
that one's actually good for getting out
like really dark orange hair yeah so
pretty much this is just you know my
sins on you know how it went for me you
know
went differently for you you know you
know great but you know most people who
see these videos get into you know they
really want to get the hair that they
see in video you know so pretty much I
just wanted to just be like this is a
real kind of thing it's just like the
real damage of this really does work it
works if you have the patience for it if
you have the time for it and if you're
gonna be able to live with your hair
kind of being a little bit damaged for a
while so yeah I just honestly really
depends on you you want to try this you
know go ahead you know there's other
people that do other videos and show you
exactly how to do it I just pretty much
wanted to show you that if everybody
doesn't work and yeah it works